Invite contributors to doc/topics.yaml (#6124)
dart-lang/site-www: src/content/tools/pub/pubspec.md

When choosing topics, consider if [existing topics]({{site.pub}}/topics)
are relevant. Tagging with existing topics helps users discover your package.

> :::note
> On pub.dev topics may be merged into canonical topics. This aims to merge topics where the only difference is the spelling.
> You can contribute to the [list of canonical topics](https://github.com/dart-lang/pub-dev/blob/master/doc/topics.yaml) by filing a Pull-Request on Github.
> :::

Reviewer: How about something like this? To  provide a little more detail about why they are merged.

```suggestion
:::note
Pub.dev might merge similar topics with different spellings into
a canonical topic to avoid duplication and improve searching by topic.

To contribute to the list of canonical topics and their aliases,
you can open a pull request editing the [`topics.yaml` file][] on GitHub.
:::

[`topics.yaml` file]: https://github.com/dart-lang/pub-dev/blob/master/doc/topics.yaml
```

Author: LGTM, did a few tiny tweaks,
